guys it's michelle welcome back to my
Channel today I'm going to be doing my
June boxy charm unboxing and I'm
literally this is going to sound like an
exaggeration but I'm not kidding that
this just got dropped off less than a
minute ago I got it I ran to get my
tripod in my camera and turned it on and
now we're going to be unboxing it i'm so
excited i was blown away by the first
boxy charm box that i ever got which was
last month in May and like right off the
bat initially I was like wow this
service is amazing and then I ended up
using all the products like throughout
May and June and actually spoiler alert
two or three of them are going to be in
my June favorites like that's how much I
love the products so I'm really excited
I'm also going to nervous I wonder if it
can even compare to like that great of a
box but we will see I haven't seen any
spoilers for this or anything because I
haven't seen any videos come up yet so
this is the jun 2015 boxy charm so I'm
opening it now okay so every box each
arm has a theme and this says SI la vie
and it has all these like seashells on
it I'm not going to look at the stuff
yet but it says see life's beauty
charmers sail away with us as we take
time to coast the open waters for
adventure don't get tied down let the
sea set you free just as life should be
see charm is 21 dollars a month and you
get three to four full-size products
sent right to your door so it's freaking
awesome and then there is another card
that says socks each arm exclusive
sailed enjoyed twenty dollars off your
order of fifty dollars or more from
Molly beads so it looks like it's these
bracelets and you get twenty dollars off
if you order 50 and it looks like they
have all sorts of jewelry so that's cool
okay so oh my gosh I'm so excited so the
first thing I see oh I don't even know
how to start okay the first thing I see
is a little brush it says bellapierre
it's like this tiny brush wait this is
so cute okay so let's see what this says
bellapierre cosmetics kabuki brush
full-size retails for 2999 it's Bella
Pierre's best-selling kabuki brush and
is perfect for all over powder
application the super soft dense brush
distributes product
very evenly quickly making it a staple
for any mineral makeup routine I'm so
excited okay so this is the kabuki brush
I'm already really excited because you
guys know I have like no makeup brushes
ok the next thing is okay wow this is
huge I don't know what it is yet but it
is this big jar and it says s floor
chlorophyll lifting mask you guys see
that s floor of chlorophyll with a mess
okay this retails for thirty-eight
dollars and this is full-size and
remember the box is only 21 so that's
insane this mask is made up of natural
milk proteins plant extracts seaweed
extracts and minerals that tighten the
skin help enhance blood circulation and
diminish fine lines your skin instantly
appears luminous and noticeably firmer
this is nice I really like the packaging
it's like this rose gold color and it
really feels really nice suddenly
excited about that the next thing is a
nail polish oh I don't even show you
what the box looks like you guys let me
just show you quickly I'm like all out
of order but it's like has all these
pink little papers and it's all cute so
the next thing is this ncla los angeles
nudes nail polish whoo you see this
color it's like the most perfect nude
color I don't own any nude nail polishes
I'm really excited because the nail
polish I got in the mailbox each arm was
literally the best nail polish I've ever
used in my life um ok it says ncl a nail
nail polish nail lacquer lacquer full
size 16 dollar retail brush on the sandy
nude hue to attract all the attention
you need on and offshore I'm actually
really excited about this just knowing
how amazing the nail polish was last
time I love this color i feel like the
nude would look so good even with the
shirt that I'm wearing I'm wearing like
a light purple I'm gonna try this out
for sure I'm so excited already i love
boxy charm i love you ok the next thing
is click click lipstick lip color oh I'm
excited I don't know what color it is
seduced every curve on your
hi shine color in a long wearing formula
all right this packaging is already
crazy it's like this dark gray metallic
and again the brand was click click I
think it's a nude and I love nude
lipsticks you can never have too many
nude lipsticks I'm sorry maybe that's
just my opinion I am really oh so you
click it that's why it's called click
click OK you hear that Wow okay let's
read about this click click where are
you double click click lipstick
full-size retails for twenty-four
dollars it says the click click lipstick
is the ultimate fashion accessory it is
the perfect blend of beauty color and
fashion with its sheer and smooth
lightweight and non sticky formula
infused with soothing and protective
ingredients that leave your lips feeling
good all day so excited about this
lipstick this box I didn't think
anything could could compare to the
mailbox and I'm already just as
impressed add one more thing and this is
called the buting crop highlighting
cream I've recently become like obsessed
with highlighters that says the beauty
crop lightning crew highlighting cream
full-size retails for sixteen dollars
okay um full-size this is like so tiny
this is an oil-free lightweight
highlighting cream that adds a healthy
luminous glow packed with vitamin C and
powerful antioxidants like pineapple and
green tea this highlighting cream will
accentuate and highlight your best
features while nourishing and
brightening your skin add the shimmering
highlighter on top of your cheekbones
brow bone and inner corner of your eyes
use under your foundation or mixed with
a body lotion for an all-over glow I'm
totally gonna use this I'm going to mix
it with my foundation and see if it
gives me like that facial glow and
everything that was in this month's box
each arms so so so impressed again oh I
got the Kabuki brush I got the lifting
mask remember all of these are full-size
I got this gorgeous nude nail polish um
the click click lipstick which was like
that nude color I'm sorry I love this
and and the highlighter the what is it
called the highlighting cream so I am so
excited let me add up the total and I'm
not good at math so I'm going to open up
my calculator and see how much this box
has in it so again it was $21 and this
okay so this has 124 I just added it up
on my calculator 123 with 99 so 124
dollars worth of products in this
month's box for $21 that's crazy i
recommend boxy charm and one hundred
percent um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this unboxing of my boxy charm I'm gonna
be doing my splendas unboxing as soon as
that comes in and I'm also going to be
posting a giveaway on my channel in the
next few days I actually filmed it this
morning but I really wanted to get this
video up first so I'm be on the lookout
for my 5000 subscriber give away again I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
they're having a great day